Are digital payments secure enough for the Indian economy to go cashless?
Ban 500, 1000 notes - Corruption Uprooted or just changing clothes!
Can we dream of hosting the Olympics?
Chinese Goods vs Indian Goods
Do we really need Smart Cities?
Economic growth is more important than Ecological protection
EQ or IQ
Extra curricular activities should be made compulsory in school
Facebook needs to clarify policies on content removal!
How demonetization is affecting common people more than black money holders?
How is Technology impacting the Banking sector?
Is compulsory attendance really needed in college?
Is it fair to spare political parties from income tax investigation?
Is the youth of India confident or confused?
Non-execution of GST bill might herald end of present government
One India One Election - Pros and Cons
PM's vision to make India a Manufacturing Hub - dream or a practical possibility?
Polythene bags must be banned!
Problems unite us, Religion divides us
Should Hindi be the official language of India?
Should national anthem be played in cinema halls?
Should we change the present system of education in our country?
Solution of corruption is a mirage till we catch top public figure
Will Reliance Jio be a sustainable business model in a country like India?
Youth in Politics
Economics & Business
Is Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) in retail sector good for India?
How to Deal with High Oil Prices?
Multinational Corporations: Are they Devils in Disguise?
Are Indians Less Quality Conscious?
Ethics in Business are just a Passing Fad
Is the Consumer really the King in India?
Commercialization of Health Care: Good or Bad?
Is there any Point in having a Business Strategy when the World changes from Month to Month?
Is the Patents Bill Good for India?
Is the Business of Business only Business?
Public Sector being a Guarantor of Job Security is a Myth
Capitalism is a very Flawed System but the others are so much worse
How can a Business get rid of the Bad Name that it has earned?
Government Pumping Money into the Economy is not the Solution for our Economic Problems
Is the Budgeting Exercise of any Use?
Should Agricultural Subsidies be stopped?
Is MNCs Superior to Indian Companies?
Advertising is a Waste of Resources
Privatization will lead to Less Corruption
Should India break Diplomatic Ties with Pakistan?
Use of Force by Banks to Recover Loans
Skilled Manpower Shortage in India
Technology Creates Income Disparities
In our economic matters, there is an excessive tendency towards the thinking rather than doing.
Every cloud has a silver lining
Is disinvestment really that good for India or is a rethink in order?
Are co-operatives relevant in today's globalised environment?
Foreign aid is a dangerous drug that can stimulate in small doses but become fatally addictive in larger doses.
Government should clean its own hands before pointing finger at the private sector for corruption.
Reforms have to grow up.
Globalization vs. Nationalism
Economic freedom not old fashioned theories of development will lead to growth and prosperity
Should businessmen run the finance ministry?
Should important services like transport be left to market forces?.
Who says MNCs are superior to Indian companies?
What we need to reduce scams is better regulatory bodies.
Trade can help the poor?
Water resources should be nationalised
Are Co-operatives Relevant in Today's Global Environment?
Indian villages - our strength or our weakness?
Space Missions are a Wastage of Resources for a Resource-Starved Nation like India
Satyam Scandal would Impact Foreign Investments in India
Private Participation in Infrastructure is Highly Desirable
Developing Countries need Trade, not Aid
Poverty in Third World Countries is due to Prosperity in First World Countries
Indian Economy: Old Wine in New Bottle!
Is Globalization Really Necessary?
What shall we do about our Ever-Increasing Population?
Banning of Trade Unions will be Beneficial in Growth of the Economy
Why can't India be a World-Class Player in Manufacturing Industry as it is in IT & BPO Sectors?
We Need Drinking Water and Not Coke & Pepsi in Rural India
Rise of Regional Blocs Threatens Independent Nations like India
Should the public sector be privatized?
General Interest
Is India a Soft Nation?
Should Research on Human Cloning be banned?
Should Sting Operations be Carried Out?
Nuclear War cannot be won and should not be fought
Is Swapping Terrorists for Hostages an Encouragement to Plane-Hijackers?
Brain-Drain has to be stopped
Doctors' Accountability to Improve Health-Care
Universal Disarmament is a Must
Is India Aping the Western Obsession with Celebrities?
India at 60: A Senior Citizen?
Unrest in Countries around India
Flexi Timings or Fixed Timings - Which is better at Work?
Individual Brilliance Certainly makes a Difference
Is Paperless Office a Reality or Not?
Rules & Regulation Breed Corruption
Do NGOs in India Really Work for Others OR Work for their Own Vested Interests?
Science Is A Boon Or Bane
Should Animals be used for Testing New Drugs & Medical Procedures?
Security Cameras & Privacy
Advertisements Cheat People, Hence Should Be Banned
Borderless World: A Threat?
Borderless World: A Myth or Reality?
Secularism has become a Tool to Justify the Wrongs done by the Minorities
What is the Difference between People who do Things Rightly and People who do Right Things?
Corruption is a Necessary Evil for Success in Any Sphere
Beauty Pageants are a Must
How to Deal with International Terrorism?
Are Peace and Non-Violence Outdated Concepts?
Indian Army as a Career Option
Capital Punishment should be Banned or Allowed?
Is Dependence on Computers a Good Thing?
Management Topics
We Need More Entrepreneurs than Managers
Rise in MBA Salaries is Not Sustainable in the Long Run
Can One Contribute to the Social Sector while Being Employed in the Corporate World?
The Rush for MBA is really a Rush for Big Money
Will Mumbai's Film Industry ever evolve into a Truly Modern Corporative One?
Indians Perform Better as Individuals than in Groups/Teams
Positive Attitude and not Knowledge is required for Business Success
Are Ethics just Business Pretence?
Ethics in Business are just a passing fashion
Is an MBA necessary to succeed in life?
Family owned business vs. professionally run businesses
Smaller businesses and start-ups have more scope for professional growth.
Dot com or doubt com?
Managerial skills learnt in the classroom can never match those learnt from experience
Management Education in India
Is Leaders Born or are they made in Business Schools?
Is Management an Art or a Science?
The objective of Management is to maximize profits
Should GD be Part of Campus Placements?
Role of Ethics in Business
Is Management Education Required for Business?
Whether Hard-Working or Smart-Working is Desirable?
Women are better at Multi-Tasking
Does Morality have an Essence in Corporate Life?
Retention of Employees
Do Women make Good Managers?
Celebrity Brand Endorsement: Effective Advertising?
The Salaries that MBAs Get is more than they deserve
Engineering Students are wasting their Time in Management Studies; they have Another Way to go
MBA in India is highly Over-rated
Creative Topics
A Ship Docked in Harbor cannot face the Storms
Do Beauty and Brains Go Together?
Every Cloud has a Silver Lining
Rules are Meant to be Broken
Food Comes First, Ethics Later
Let Sleeping Dogs Lie
There is No Right Way of Doing the Wrong Thing
Is Love Precious or Poisonous?
Is God Male?
Good Things Always Come from Good Thinking
In Today's World, Everything is Uncertain except Death & Taxes
Men are from Mars; Women are from Venus
Cleanliness is a Fundamental Responsibility of an Indian Citizen
A Person should not be too honest; Straight Trees are cut first
Nice Guys Finish Last
All Work and No Play Makes Jack a Dull Boy
The Wheel is Turning Round and Round
If I was the Finance Minister/Prime Minister
Group Task: How can we have Mount Everest in India?
When I woke up in the morning I saw?
Up the Down Staircase
Just as we have smoke free zones, we should have child free zones
The Nostradamus Code: World War III
Social Topics
Terrorism in India
Religion should not be mixed with politics
Should Smoking be Banned Completely?
Effects of Television on Youth
Love Marriages Vs Arranged Marriages
Are beauty contests degrading womanhood?
Films are corrupting the Indian Youth
Morals & Values among Indians is Degenerating
Censorship in Movies & Our Culture
Foreign Television Channels are Destroying Our Culture
With Media Publishing and Telecasting Trivia, Censorship is the Need of the Hour
Women are not fit for Defense Services
Women Empowerment - A Cause for Increasing Divorce Rate in India
Showing Violence and Crimes should not be allowed in films and on television.
Classical Music Heritage and the Growing Pop-Culture
Individual Freedom and Civil Society
Influence of Online Social Networks on our Youth
Is Remixing Good Trend in Music?
Bride burning and dowry may look bad, but are an integral part of India.
Our Culture is Decaying
We are not serious about saving Wildlife/Environment
The education system needs serious reforms
The Internet is an exercise in hype
Marriage is a social trap
Politics
Should voters be given a NOTA (None Of The Above) choice?
Is our Political System Reason for our Backwardness?
Educational qualification for Politicians
Necessity of Women Quota Bill for Women Empowerment
Voters, not Political Parties, are Responsible for the Criminalization of Politics
Should We Pursue our Policy of Dialogue with Pakistan?
The Way Forward for India is to Join Hands with Pakistan on Nuclear Matters
Need for Good Leaders in India
Politics is run by the Barrel of Gun
Retirement Age for Politicians
Corruption is the Price we pay for Democracy
What India needs is a Dictatorship?
Value-based Politics is the Need of the Hour
Religion should not be mixed with Politics
Democracy is Hampering India's Progress
Should Tainted Ministers Allowed to Contest Elections?
Presidential v/s Parliamentary Form of Government in India
Reservations in the Private Sector
Decreasing defense expenditure and increasing social expenditure is the need of the hour
India should go for the presidential form of democracy
Sports
If Winning isn't everything, why do they Keep the Score?
Cricket in India has lost its Sheen
Is T20 Cricket killing Real Cricketing Skills?
Six Billion and One Bronze!
Are Cricketers to be blamed for Match Fixing?
Modern Day Sport in Industrialized Society is an Industry
Cricket as a National Obsession is a Detriment to Other Sports
Education
Advantages of Co-education
Examinations - has it killed education
Do we really Need Education to be Successful?
Government Control in Higher Education is Interfering and Not Required
Privatization of Higher Education
Should the Government Set-up More IITs and IIMs, OR should it be use the Money for Primary & Secondary Education?
Foreign Universities in India
E-Learning: A Substitute for Classroom Learning?
Is Reservation in Higher Education Only Alternative for Social Equality?
Private Educational Institutions: Good or Bad
Should Management Education be subsidized?
How effective are Indian B-schools?